====================================================
Pylyglot: Frontend Development for Python Developers
====================================================

Python has long been a stable of web development. In the recent world
of “web apps”, though, the browser is playing a larger role. More of the
application in a web app is done in JavaScript, in the “frontend”, with
Python running UI-less data services in the “backend”.

This is a series aimed at the Python developer, to explain this
JavaScript frontend world, from the perspective of Python. It’s a
polyglot view, aimed at a Python perspective, hence the series name of
“Pylyglot”. We'll be using PyCharm throughout, showing how it excels at
both the backend (Python) and the frontend (JS, HTML, CSS) due to its
IntelliJ foundation.

Remain Calm
-----------

I'm the oldest of oldsters in Python. I'm sympathetic. Python is
beautiful, and this new world...well, isn't. At every step along the
way, you'll say "This is stupid." I feel ya'. But rather than howl at
the moon in defiance, embrace the suck and dive in, because
realistically, you don't have a choice.

I think you'll find that, much to your surprise, there's a lot of
normalcy in modern JavaScript development. And in fact, there are
places where their toolchain excels in areas where we are banging
multiple heads against various walls. But, as this series will show, it
is a universe that is rebuilding the airplane in mid-flight, on a
minutely basis, and thus it takes a thick skin to get to a decently
Pythonic happy spot.

So with that inspirational message, let's press on.

Introductory Articles
=====================

These are single-topic articles that can be done in isolation. They
have a lot of background explanation on the topics.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    hello_node/index
    package_json/index
    eslint_intro/index
    npm_run/index
    modules_intro/index
    mocha_intro/index
    webpack_intro/index
    jsdom_intro/index
